# CS-250-Software-Development-Lifecycle
The following files include a in-depth inplementation of the Agile Methodology and how it can be used to create a functional web application based on the SNHU Travel requirements, and byway of sprint increments.

# How do I interpret user needs and implement them into a program? How does creating “user stories” help with this?
The ability to interpret user needs and implement them into working executable code requires that you maintain and facilitate a constant stream of communication between the client. This communication allows for vetting of code functionality and if it best represents the wishes of the client and their goals. The creation of user stories helps with this by first specifying the type of user, what they want, and why they want it, as well as allowing for a simple representation of the their requirements to work off of, implement, and maintain as more information is given. 

"User stories are part of an agile approach that helps shift the focus from writing about requirements to talking about them. All agile user stories include a written sentence or two and, more importantly, a series of conversations about the desired functionality" - Mike Cohn, main contributor to Scrum

# How do I approach developing programs? What agile processes do I hope to incorporate into my future development work?
It would depend on the nature and requirements of the project. If I'm working on something that has strict requirements, limited budget, and a firm timeline, then using a more traditional form of project management would be best (like the Waterfall Model); if I need a more adaptive and flexible methodology that didn't meet the aforementioned restrictions then I would be more comfortable working with an Agile framework like Scrum that would split up code production into incrememts of Sprints. The agile processes that I would hope to incorporate into my future development are user stories and the product backlog. I think user stories are a great way to talk about the visions of client as well as continuously update it as their needs change. Also, I think that the product backlog is a great way to represent 
an ordered list of all the various new features, changes to already in place features, bug fixes, etc. that serve as a single authoritive manifesto.

# What does it mean to be a good team member in software development?
To be a good team member you must first be able to receive feedback, foster an environment of trust by adhering to the scheduled work, communicating often and early as well as clarifying requirements, and setting expectations for successful implementation. The success of the project is reliant on each team member's contributions. Team members must also be proficient at their roles and seek to continuously development themselves professionally. Finally, if team members clearly understand their roles and the expectations of the team and the client, then the project can meet or exceed the clients needs.  
